docs: add contributor documentation (#1511)
GetStream/stream-chat-react: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to stream-chat-react

As a contributor, here are the guidelines we would like you to follow:

- [Asking questions](#asking-questions)
- [Filing an issue](#filing-an-issue)
- [Contribution Standards](#coding-standards)
- [Submission Guidelines](#submission-guidelines)
- [Signing the CLA](#contributor-licence-agreement)

## <a name="asking-questions"></a>Are you looking for answers?

> There are many ways you can get your questions answered. It can be hard to decide, where to begin if you are just starting out. We suggest you take a look at the resources in the following order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many ways you can get your questions answered. It can be hard to decide, where to begin if you are just starting out. We suggest you take a look at the resources in the following order:
```

Author: Fixing typo

### Stream chat API documentation
Package `stream-chat-react`  has a peer dependency [stream-chat-js](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-js) - a client library for interacting with the Stream Chat API (see the [API docs](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/javascript/?language=javascript)).

### Documentation for stream-chat-react
The [stream-chat-react](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/sdk/react/) documentation is held separately from the Stream Chat API docs. Besides documenting the component API, it provides examples of their use in various scenarios.

### Read the source code
When you plan on contributing to the repository try to get acquainted with the existing code base. The best way to learn :)

### Take a look at our tutorials

### Get help from our Customer Success team

> If what you are looking for is technical support embedding the Stream's chat in your application, we would suggest emailing our Customer Success and Engineer support team at support@getstream.io with your application key or ID. The Issue section of this GitHub repo is now reserved only for bug reports, feature improvements, and suggestions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If what you are looking for is technical support embedding Stream in your application, we suggest emailing our Customer Success team at support@getstream.io with your application key and the SDK versions you're using. The Issue section of this GitHub repo is now reserved only for bug reports, feature improvements, and suggestions.
```

Author: Adding the suggestion to update the section Get help from our Customer Success team

### Good first issue

###<a name="#coding-rules"></a> Coding rules
Any contributions to the library should follow Stream's coding rules.

#### 1. Code should be tested
All the code submitted should be covered by unit tests. Mocking utilities are provided in `src/mock-builders`. Optimally a suite of E2E tests should be included as well.

#### 2. API Changes should be documented
Changes to components interface exposed to the library integrators should be documented. We keep the documentation `docusaurus/docs/React` folder.

#### 3. Code should be DRY & correctly formatted
If you find yourself copying source code from one place to another, please extract it into a separate component or function.

#### 4. Keep an eye on performance
Keep in mind that the chat application may need to work with thousands of messages.

#### 5. Follow commit formatting rules

> We follow [Angular's Commit Message Format rules](https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#-commit-message-format) with [possible deviations](./developers/COMMIT.md). The same rules are used by our release automation tool. Therefore, every commit message should strictly comply with these rules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We follow [Angular's Commit Message Format rules](https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#-commit-message-format) with [possible deviations](./developers/COMMIT.md). The same rules are used by our release automation tool. Therefore, every commit message should strictly comply with these rules. If you're still unsure, you can use [commitizen](https://www.npmjs.com/package/commitizen) as your guide.
```

Reviewer: We need to integrate commitlint. React Native has it.

Author: Integrating commitlint
